Privacy Policy

CypherSphereTechnology respects the privacy of its users and is committed to protecting their personal information. This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which CinemaSync collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users of the CinemaSync mobile application.

Information We Collect

Personal Information: We may collect personal identification information from users in various ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our app, register on the app, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our app. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, their name, email address, and phone number. Users may, however, visit our app anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain app-related activities.

Non-personal Information: We may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our app. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about users' means of connection to our app, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information.

How We Use Collected Information

CypherSphereTechnology may collect and use users' personal information for the following purposes:

To improve customer service: The information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our app.
To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How We Protect Your Information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our app.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

CypherSphereTechnology has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your Acceptance of These Terms

By using this app, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our app. Your continued use of the app following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this app, or your dealings with this app, please contact us at mowlashuvo2@gmail.com.
